Okta documentation update (#1712)
cloudify-cosmo/docs.getcloudify.org: content/working_with/manager/okta_authentication.md

aliases: /manager/okta_authentication/
---

{{< param product_name >}} enables integration with your local Okta system to authenticate users and provide Role-Based Access Control. This guide describes the configuration steps required to enable Okta authentication.

> Other SAML 2.0 authentication solutions can be integrated with Cloudify. However, only Okta is tested and officially supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Other SAML 2.0 authentication solutions can be integrated with Cloudify. However, only Okta is officially certified.
```

    * Name - firstname , Value - user.firstName
    * Name - lastname , Value - user.lastName
    * Name - email , Value - user.email
    * Name - username , Value - user.login

    e. Groups Attribute Statements:
    Add all relevant user groups, or generally use:
    Name - groups , Filter - Regex, Value - cloudify*

    ![Create App]( /images/okta/okta1.png )

    ![Create App]( /images/okta/okta2.png )

    f. Under Feedback, define {{< param product_name >}} as an internal app

    ![Create App]( /images/okta/okta4.png )

### Additional Configuration
* In Users, assign the new {{< param product_name >}} app created to the relevant users or groups.
* Provide the Okta Identity Provider Single Sign-On URL and certificate to the {{< param cfy_manager_name >}} administrator. They can be found here:

<b>Application page > Sign on tab > Settings section > SIGN ON METHODS > View Setup Instructions</b>

## Part 2: Configuring {{< param product_name >}} 

To complete the Okta authentication configuration, Okta needs to be configured in the {{< param cfy_manager_name >}}.

### {{< param product_name >}} Prerequisites:

You'll need the following:

> * 	SSH access to the {{< param product_name >}} VM/s with `sudo` priveldges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 	SSH access to the {{< param product_name >}} VM/s with `sudo` privileges.
```
